# Conclusion
We began this project with the hope of seeing comic books and the character of Batman through a new lens. What we found was equal parts fascinating and frustrating. We discovered that the film industry could create enormous change in the volume of comic books being released. We also discovered that Batman comics seem to favor a particular day of the week for release and we discovered an unusual monopoly in the distribution of comic books. The members of this team are all comic fans to varying degrees, but even we were surprised by what the data could show us and lead us to discover. This project has taught us that the value of Digital Humanities and data analysis is not necessarily the questions it answers, but the questions it makes you ask. This is just a start to discovering the impact Batman has had on history and the larger comic book industry. We hit many roadblocks along way and the limitations of data collection reared its head. On several occasions we had to change our focus due to these limitations, but what we were able to gather was intriguing.
Hopefully this project will help spearhead new scholarship on the subject of comic books. Data analysis can allow us to look at comic books as a whole and still answer relevant historical questions. We came closer to unmasking the Dark Knight than most of his rogues’ gallery ever has, but with more time it would be interesting to expand the scope of our analysis to include other super heroes and publishers. Batman has left an indelible mark on history and proven that Digital Humanities can expand beyond what is often considered traditional history.
